TECHY TRAIN GRAPHICS OVERHAUL
1. Shader to give them 3d look
	a. Must save xy position
	b. Depth
	c. and simulate shading
		(Also would be optimal to remove the lightburn bleedthrough in TL_V01)
	
	Likely, it would be optimal to just save each slice individually
	since that would mean I don't have to waste bitspace on depth data
	and just store each slice.
	
	Would likely also make depth simulation easier, since I could just apply an
	offset (still a shader) based on which layer it's supposed to be, determined
	by a variable instead of shader sampling.
	
2. MAKE THEM NOT BLOCKY
3. Some way to better match the lighting of the area
4. Pipe entrances and connections
5. More/better variation (optional)
6. Procedural trains?

DONE 0. Add pipes to train endcaps
DONE 1. Add more objects to use (random machines, poles, etc)
DONE 2. Make the train object scrollable (easier debugging)
DONE 3. Full trains (Can't just stitch together the debug objects either, have to make a full thing because of the clipping)
DONE 4. PROCEDURAL trains
DONE 5. Some way to generate procedural trains at runtime
DONE 6. Shaders so it doesn't look like CRAP
DONE 7. pipe icons
     8. add a small glow effect to pipe icons because i think it would be cool
     9. prodecural rust, slime, and melt on train objects? (probably better as separate sprites? idk)
DONE A. Add customdepth to the train shader
DONE B. Fix the Bloom issue
DONE C. Set up colour and depth effects for all sprites
DONE D. Edit shader so each screen has its own shadow mask (with no mask counted as full shadow), then make those shadow masks accessible as a file in the world data
DONE E. Make shadows work on train parts
DONE F. Add accessories
	 G. Figure out where accessories should go
DONE H. Add shadows to accessories
DONE I. Make accessories randomized


ACCESSORIES/LOCATIONS:
1. two entrance top (with poles) (left wheel, center, right wheel)
   a. There cannot be a center piece without there being a left or right piece, though a center piece is not required for there to be a left, right, or left and right pieces